adding docs for set-teamsenvironmentconfig and clear-teamsenvironment… (#10764)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.TeamsCmdlets.PowerShell.Connect.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
author: VikneshMSFT
ms.author: vimohan
ms.reviewer: pbafna
manager: vinelap
---

# Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig

## SYNOPSIS

> Sets environment specific configurations on local machine and will be used to connect to the right environment when running connect-microsoftteams

Reviewer: would suggest giving an example of the expected usage from Skype for Business On Prem during migration of users from On Prem to Teams online.

> Sets environment specific configurations on local machine and will be used to connect to the right environment when running connect-microsoftteams

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets environment-specific configurations on the local machine and is used to connect to the right environment when running Connect-MicrosoftTeams.
```

## SYNTAX

```
Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig [-EndpointUris <Hashtable>] [-TeamsEnvironmentName <String>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> This cmdlet sets environment specific configurations like endpoint URIs(AAD\Graph etc.) and Teams environment (GCCH\DOD etc) in local machine.  
> When running connect-microsoftteams, environment specific information set in this cmdlet will be considered unless overridden by parameters of connect-microsoftteams.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This cmdlet sets environment-specific configurations like endpoint URIs(such as Azure AD and Microsoft Graph) and Teams environment (such as GCCH and DOD) on the local machine.
 
When running Connect-MicrosoftTeams, environment-specific information set in this cmdlet will be considered unless overridden by Connect-MicrosoftTeams parameters.
```

Parameters passed to connect-microsoftteams will take precedence over the information set by this cmdlet. 

> This cmdlet is not applicable for public and Azure government cloud and was introduced specifically to support other special clouds of Microsoft.  

Reviewer: the clouds are referred to in a particular way in the documentation, would suggest reframing for e.g.  Commercial, GCC High, GCC, DoD, etc. 

also nitpick - Connect-MicrosoftTeams

Reviewer 3: What are those special cloud that this cmdlet should be run?

Author: These cmdlets are specific for GallatinChina and airgap clouds at this point. Can be extended for other new clouds at a later point.

> Parameters passed to connect-microsoftteams will take precedence over the information set by this cmdlet. 
> This cmdlet is not applicable for public and Azure government cloud and was introduced specifically to support other special clouds of Microsoft.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Parameters passed to Connect-MicrosoftTeams will take precedence over the information set by this cmdlet. 

Clear-TeamsEnvironmentConfig should not be used in Commercial, GCC, GCC High, or DoD environments.  
```

> Administrators are advised not to use this cmdlet in public and azure government clouds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig -TeamsEnvironmentName TeamsGcch
```

> Sets environment as GCCH in local machine and when connect-microsoftteams is run, authentication will happen in GCCH cloud and Microsoft Teams module will connect to GCCH environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets the environment as GCCH on the local machine and when Connect-MicrosoftTeams is run, authentication will happen in the GCCH cloud and Microsoft Teams module will connect to the GCCH environment.
```

### Example 2
```powershell
$endPointUriDict = @{ActiveDirectory = 'https://login.microsoftonline.us/';MsGraphEndpointResourceId = 'https://graph.microsoft.us'}
Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig -TeamsEnvironmentName $endPointUriDict
```

> Sets endpoint uris required for sepcial clouds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets endpoint URIs required for special clouds.
```

## PARAMETERS

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EndpointUris

> This can be used to provide custom endpoints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Provides custom endpoints.
```

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TeamsEnvironmentName

> This can be used to provide Teams environment to connect to.
> - TeamsGCCH, TeamsDOD

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Provides a Teams environment to connect to, such as Teams GCCH or Teams DOD.
```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object
## NOTES

> Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig is only introduced for special clouds and administrators of public and fairfax cloud should not use this cmdlet.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig is not suggested to be used in Commercial, GCC, GCC High or DoD environments.

> Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig is only introduced for special clouds and administrators of public and fairfax cloud should not use this cmdlet.

Reviewer: also suggest adding the TPM version from which these cmdlets will become available in the Notes

Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
author: VikneshMSFT
ms.author: vimohan
ms.reviewer: pbafna
manager: vinelap
---

# Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig

## SYNOPSIS

Sets environment-specific configurations on the local machine and is used to connect to the right environment when running Connect-MicrosoftTeams.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig [-EndpointUris <Hashtable>] [-TeamsEnvironmentName <String>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This cmdlet sets environment-specific configurations like endpoint URIs(such as Azure AD and Microsoft Graph) and Teams environment (such as GCCH and DOD) on the local machine.
  
When running Connect-MicrosoftTeams, environment-specific information set in this cmdlet will be considered unless overridden by Connect-MicrosoftTeams parameters.

Parameters passed to connect-microsoftteams will take precedence over the information set by this cmdlet. 

Clear-TeamsEnvironmentConfig should not be used in Commercial, GCC, GCC High, or DoD environments.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig -TeamsEnvironmentName TeamsChina
```

> Sets environment as Gallatin China in local machine and when connect-microsoftteams is run, authentication will happen in Gallatin China cloud and Microsoft Teams module will connect to Gallatin environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets the environment as Gallatin China on a local machine and when connect-microsoftteams is run, authentication will happen in the Gallatin China cloud and Microsoft Teams module will connect to the Gallatin environment.
```

### Example 2
```powershell
$endPointUriDict = @{ActiveDirectory = 'https://login.microsoftonline.us/';MsGraphEndpointResourceId = 'https://graph.microsoft.us'}
Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig -TeamsEnvironmentName $endPointUriDict
```
Sets endpoint URIs required for special clouds.

### Example 3
```powershell
Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig -TeamsEnvironmentName TeamsChina

$cred=get-credential
Move-CsUser -Identity "PilarA@contoso.com" -Target "sipfed.online.lync.com" -Credential $cred
```

> This cmdlet is mainly introduced to support Skype for business to Microsoft Teams user migration called with Move-CsUser. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This cmdlet is mainly introduced to support Skype for Business to Microsoft Teams user migration using Move-CsUser. 
```

> Above exaple shows how tenant admins can run move-csuser in Gallatin and other special clouds after setting environment config using Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig. 
> Note: Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig needs to be run only once for a machine. No need to run everytime before running Move-CsUser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

This example shows how tenant admins can run Move-CsUser in Gallatin and other special clouds after setting the environment configuration using Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig.
 
Note that Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig needs to be run only once for each machine. There is no need to run it each time before running Move-CsUser.
```

## PARAMETERS

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EndpointUris

> This can be used to provide custom endpoints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Provides custom endpoints.
```

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TeamsEnvironmentName

> This can be used to provide Teams environment to connect to.
> - TeamsGCCH, TeamsDOD

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Provides a Teams environment to connect to, for example, Teams GCCH or Teams DoD.
```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### System.Object

> ## NOTES
> Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig should not be used in Commercial, GCC, GCC High, or DoD environments.
> ## RELATED LINKS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## NOTES

Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig should not be used in Commercial, GCC, GCC High, or DoD environments.

## RELATED LINKS
```

---
external help file: Microsoft.TeamsCmdlets.PowerShell.Connect.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
author: VikneshMSFT
ms.author: vimohan
ms.reviewer: pbafna
manager: vinelap
---

# Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig

## SYNOPSIS

Sets environment-specific configurations on the local machine and is used to connect to the right environment when running Connect-MicrosoftTeams.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig [-EndpointUris <Hashtable>] [-TeamsEnvironmentName <String>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This cmdlet sets environment-specific configurations like endpoint URIs(such as Azure AD and Microsoft Graph) and Teams environment (such as GCCH and DOD) on the local machine.
  
When running Connect-MicrosoftTeams, environment-specific information set in this cmdlet will be considered unless overridden by Connect-MicrosoftTeams parameters.

> Parameters passed to connect-microsoftteams will take precedence over the information set by this cmdlet. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Parameters passed to Connect-MicrosoftTeams will take precedence over the information set by this cmdlet. 
```

Clear-TeamsEnvironmentConfig should not be used in Commercial, GCC, GCC High, or DoD environments.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig -TeamsEnvironmentName TeamsChina
```

Sets the environment as Gallatin China on a local machine and when Connect-MicrosoftTeams is run, authentication will happen in the Gallatin China cloud and Microsoft Teams module will connect to the Gallatin environment.

### Example 2
```powershell
$endPointUriDict = @{ActiveDirectory = 'https://login.microsoftonline.us/';MsGraphEndpointResourceId = 'https://graph.microsoft.us'}
Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig -TeamsEnvironmentName $endPointUriDict
```
Sets endpoint URIs required for special clouds.

### Example 3
```powershell
Set-TeamsEnvironmentConfig -TeamsEnvironmentName TeamsChina

> $cred=get-credential

Author: Move-CsUser is an SFB on-prem cmdlet and it works with modern authentication. It internall calls Connect-MicrosoftTeams in MicrosoftTeams module. This change is to make a generic way to call move-csuser for Gallatin, Airgap and future special clouds, instead of tightly coupling, SFB on-prem CU release and MicrosoftTeams module. We wanted a way to decouple these components, so we need not release new SFB on-prem CU just to support the special cloud scenario.
